Jo Delgadillo: Hi, it's really, really windy here so I'm pretty sure I'm gonna have like horrible signal.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, how are you
Good.
Jo Delgadillo: There's a lot of a lot going on now, but I'm handling it like so awesome. I'm proud of myself.
Jo Delgadillo: Like
Jo Delgadillo: Okay, I have a neighbor lady, and she had a provider slush friend for 20 years she's 66 years old.
Jo Delgadillo: And I met her. When we first moved here like literally the demon moved here, which was the beginning of the summer in June or July one of them.
Jo Delgadillo: And I can tell like there was something wrong or like a 10 minute like dementia, but I thought it was. She had MS and that does it to his pain and all that well.
Jo Delgadillo: He left her and took everything literally everything he messed up the owners of the trailer you took over money. I took her to the pain.
Jo Delgadillo: She got a new provider.
Jo Delgadillo: And the new provider is the guy. The pervert guy that everyone knows us a pervert behind this. It's his mom attorney provider.
Jo Delgadillo: Well, I've been trying to help her I raise money. I got a whole bunch of donations, like in she didn't have to meet none of those people just to keep her safe. She's already been taken advantage of.
Jo Delgadillo: Friday on Thursday I only had like $13 left. So she was looking for 60 could barely walk. She was also look for cigarette butts. So I use the last 13 like to Tupac cigarettes and I gave them to her and then I left because Friday we took
Jo Delgadillo: My son's girlfriend Mercedes to the hospital because she's pregnant and she six months pregnant.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, so that they're not. Yes, I've been running her back and forth to the doctors and stuff. And there's no
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sign down
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh my. Yes. Okay. Like that.
Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, we found out last week because her. She's been getting fat like her Tommy's been growing, but it's hot.
Jo Delgadillo: And then she's losing weight in her face. And I'm like, she's got to be pregnant and memorable unsuspecting for like three months.
Jo Delgadillo: So we got her pregnancy tests and I'm closer with it now because my cousin in California made a really good point.
Jo Delgadillo: And my grandma made my life hell when I had someone, and I was like, she's like you didn't like the way it felt like you're right.
Jo Delgadillo: So I gave him, given our chance and she's impressing me. I gotta say that she's doing really good actually like taking effort and doing things for herself. Instead of making me do everything for
Jo Delgadillo: Today, and we took her and her mom. She's begging her mom like like emotionally begging her I would say to be your mom and among just wants to fight and screaming yell at her.
Jo Delgadillo: Tried. It's so sad endeavors. My friend, and she's wrong. Like, I don't agree with what she's doing.
Jo Delgadillo: And it's hard to keep my mouth shut. But I have I have for Mercedes because show up to suffer for it. If I say anything.
Jo Delgadillo: She turns everything I say around and it drives me crazy. Like, I'm going to tell people when I say because I said it because I say it because I wanted them to know what
Jo Delgadillo: She likes to argue and fight and get her kid in it. She resents her so bad and I see it. And honestly, I can't figure out why. She's only been in Mercedes live per se at 17 and she's only been in her life or career.
Jo Delgadillo: So she doesn't really know her.
Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah and now it's deliberate other girls latching on to me isn't Intel I'm given a chance
Jo Delgadillo: But anyways, I kind of need your opinion on this too.
Jo Delgadillo: So the Neighbor Lady. I've been helping her I raised $185 for her and I wouldn't told her it was 115 first and I went and told her well
Jo Delgadillo: Building some lady shows are no first this guy back here. The perfect guy found out that I know he tried to have sex with her one night. She's an old lady, she can't remember anything barely walk like
Jo Delgadillo: He knows better and his mom is for provider. So she, I got it on record that she you told her new provider that her son was being appropriate weather in staying all these nights with her and turned on sex with her while he's drunk.
Jo Delgadillo: And I got I got everything like I recorded everything and everybody tells me that's legal because I told her, but
Jo Delgadillo: To me that she's elderly and she never remembers anything and now they're using me of stealing stuff.
Jo Delgadillo: They're saying that I have the donations to pay my rent and that I was, I don't know, I've been behind on my rent because I live in this trailer. I'm just like, what
Jo Delgadillo: So I went to the lady, and she starts yelling at me. I get out of here, we're calling the cops and I was like why
Jo Delgadillo: I was like, oh, can you explain to me and she was just like, get out, you know, you're even. Okay, and what did I feel
Jo Delgadillo: And then she was I said are you just mad because she told me that you know what your son said to her,
Jo Delgadillo: And she was like, I called are ready to have your kids taken away because you live in that trailer. And I was like, okay, okay, that's fine. And she was like, Okay, fine. I'm just calling
Jo Delgadillo: And I was like, do you want to use my phone call the call, if I have some audio that I would like them to hear
Jo Delgadillo: frightening me because I got something on or any she got mad and she was like, Fine, I'm calling
Jo Delgadillo: Amber care and for care on you. And I was like, call them because I want to send them or have them call me my phone number is on this lady's refrigerator.
Jo Delgadillo: I said, I have to go pick up my prescription. How about you have them call me and dial that number of errors. That's me. I put that note there just in case she needs me. I'm next word concerning but she's on the phone. I was trying to get her.
Jo Delgadillo: I was going to give him the money just because I'm so worried about like everyone takes advantage of her including this man or this woman. She's a provider and she supposedly she has five people that she takes care of and she's been doing it for 30 years you
Jo Delgadillo: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The one that's disabled now was the time
Jo Delgadillo: That was her new provider is the perverts, son.
Jo Delgadillo: Okay, it's her son. She knows better and she was letting him say that right there. Even after that. And then he took her necklace and he's taking money from her that the mom gives him because he says, my mom that came to mind.
Jo Delgadillo: But I got all this on audio and then I called adult protective
Because they're keeping me away.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Services.
Jo Delgadillo: I but I don't feel like they're going to do enough because a lady already called me not even an hour after I called and told them all this
Jo Delgadillo: lady was like, did you call the cops and have her. Tell them what he said. And I'm like, That's the point. She doesn't understand
Jo Delgadillo: Where it's wrong. And I don't think she wants to she likes for provider she feels like she says the guest studies row. He shouldn't have said that.
Jo Delgadillo: Then providers going to get mad. So I don't know, but I got it on audio are saying her admitting it she did her provider knows and Tina. He knows that everybody knows
Jo Delgadillo: And I told the manager here has been in on it, help him. He's been doing the deliveries for her when donations come when I'm not here because I wasn't here for three days.
Jo Delgadillo: So he did. That's what I came back to all this that I was a thief and all this. And I was like, when I wouldn't ask the lady I stayed so calm, like I was on fire inside
Jo Delgadillo: Then I mean on fire, but I on the outside. I was so calm. I was like, when I walked out of there. I wanted to explode. I started crying.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In motion. Yes.
Jo Delgadillo: Yes, and then always hurt because I got it. After what I've done. Like why would I do all this
Jo Delgadillo: And then I said, Can I show it all to you. And then I had my receipt, because I was accused of having my rent paid for the for my rent was Pete. Last month we always been
Jo Delgadillo: In the month before, like, way ahead because I stress about it. So it's like, Can you look at my receipt. I haven't had nothing paid my rent and
Jo Delgadillo: We can almost two weeks. And she was like, I don't want to see nothing. I was like, Okay, can I show you, Facebook, I haven't even cashed out on the money. I'm waiting to she tells me
Jo Delgadillo: She goes, You were never supposed to do that. That's you should be taken advantage. I was like, No, me and her side here together and do this.
Jo Delgadillo: And then she was like, did you Sandy. Sandy was like, Yeah, we did. And we answered people last night. And then that's when I woke up to the 185
Jo Delgadillo: And then now I left and I she wanted to the door for me. She scared, but I'm waiting for the Adult Protective Services. I'm not going to push if she's scared. I'm leaving it alone because they got
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Into which one is the vulnerable adult right
Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, it's so bad, like I need someone in to see over here like witness or I put it on Facebook like someone that knows saw like I don't know, I just need someone to see what I'm seeing.
Jo Delgadillo: This wrong and see if the provider is a good bullshit or which she seems like she's gonna get away with it. But luckily, I have the audio at least it'll keep her son away at least. Yeah, away from because she literally when you answer she was walking over there.
Jo Delgadillo: She doesn't understand like when she repeats herself and then I've been looking at like researching dementia.
Jo Delgadillo: And then when stress comes and makes it worse. And then she can like timeline can get flipped it up. And that's exactly what she does on anything, but in the past, she can tell me something detail 20 years ago.
Jo Delgadillo: So I'm like, it looks like the mentor and that lady has to know and see all this and they still leave her in a trailer with three space heaters.
Jo Delgadillo: In the breaker keep slipping and they told her, just to flip it back on. I'm like, No, you're not supposed to do that if the breakers flipping that there's a reason why you have to unplug stuff and only run one eater.
Jo Delgadillo: She was like, just one and wouldn't let me unplug another one. I was like, so your provider knows
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah. And then we all the donations. I got her they're gone. Her fridge and our freezers empty.
Jo Delgadillo: I think the provider took it and she told me the provider she gets a diapers and those pp pets for her to lay on the promoter truck goes
Jo Delgadillo: I don't know if I wanted to call the cops. But if she's not. She's not gonna speak up. I don't know what to tell them
Jo Delgadillo: Because I can't let it go at this if APS doesn't do nothing.
Jo Delgadillo: I'm not, I can't just because of what I see. Why do they keep pushing me away. Why are they so scared.
Jo Delgadillo: Like, that's just a big red flag to me. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you call it into adult protective services.
Jo Delgadillo: And if you feel like there's an urgent crises in the end you should call the police.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because it seems as though there's definitely some manipulation going on and they are taking advantage of her. If this is the case in this scenario scenarios that you've explained, and as he had known sex offender, or he just, he said he liked the neighborhood. Perfect.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, everyone knows him as a sick guy like her because he's always drinking and he when he fasted, she told me something about my boots that he said I walk around looking off sexy was my boots on for him.
Jo Delgadillo: And then when we were arguing, I stopped in sat down and I ignored him I tuned into my phone.
Jo Delgadillo: And then he was like, Hey, Joe. Joe and I ignored him and you say, Hey, Joe. Joe and I was like, what, and he was like what's up with you on them sexy boots and I was like what was like their boots for the snow snarling like to run my boots.
Jo Delgadillo: Boots. Like, that's gross their boots on my feet.
Jo Delgadillo: For you. It just shows or is that in mind.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you, when you call the API. Did they give you like a case number so they pointed
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Out that it wasn't accepted.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, they gave me a case number of
Jo Delgadillo: Open have to look for it. It was in here. But yeah, I got a case number. I'll call back if I have to.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that's what I was saying, well, you can always follow up. If you don't like what the person that you're speaking to is same with the caseworker is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can always request to speak to the supervising because I know what these adult cases, it takes a while. There's a process because they have to investigate find enough evidence and then decide what's a safe placement
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For this person if there's going to be any criminal action so far from what she explained
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They would have to do some further investigation to decide what the next steps would look like.
Jo Delgadillo: What about for care if that's what the lady works for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Me what what amber curious.
Jo Delgadillo: It's a home health thing because she has them convinced that I'm a thief, she said. They said,
Jo Delgadillo: What did I do
Jo Delgadillo: Nothing else. I was a thief.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, it goes back into the conversation last week we talked about you taking on this protective role.
Jo Delgadillo: And almost broke
Me.
Jo Delgadillo: Know, I think it was my phone rang, and then it must something up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you can hear me.
Jo Delgadillo: Barely. Yeah, I can hear you. A little bit.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I said it brings me back to what we talked about last week with you being in a protector role.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So this is a key example of you know you going above and beyond to help people in that protector role, but the outcome that attack for you and the impact that attack for you. And that's not to say that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You shouldn't do your due diligence and help other people, but in this aspect of the protective role. Didn't work in your favor. And once again, it's creating adage dresses on you like in the packs.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The protective role with your son, the protective role with your son's girlfriend to protect the role when it came to the relationship, your grandmother had with her ex.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All of these coming into place, even in the relationship with your husband being in so much in the protective role that nobody has an opportunity to step up because you're taking action.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, and I tried. I tried to sit back and then this happen.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm just concerned because I don't want your hard work and your efforts to come back against you and now you're
Jo Delgadillo: Worried about
Jo Delgadillo: Should I just give up. That's it. Like I was going to take the donation out and just put it on towards her rent and just leave it. But I got to get to like the law part out of the way, like just somebody here to see what I seen. That's it. And for me to give my audio what I got to them.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, so they can hear which at her mouth.
Jo Delgadillo: So then they'll be able to hear the way she repeats herself and stuff.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you call them the report to the adult protective services and you know you can remain anonymous. And then they'll get updates.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From you. You can be a collateral contacts so whenever they want. You know, you provide them your phone number and he can provide them updates as necessary.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can do that, fine. I like that idea of just putting that money that you say that you collected towards her rent, but taking a more distant approach.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because the hands on approach is a lot of allowing your character to be compromised and now these people are written you and your parenting and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know abuse reports against you, like, that's definitely a sign that the people that you are involved with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then Matt rational people and so they're going to do some bad things, even though you have good intentions, you have to weigh the, the, the risk
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so your family is primary. So you've already done the right things. You called in the report, you want to take an extra step further, you could
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, call into the police department walk into the police station and explain the situation so that you have a police report on record, you know, something to support that, hey, I've done everything that claim this aspect, but now I have to pull back.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, you're
Jo Delgadillo: Gonna be hard.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Haven't go over there anymore, Joe.
Jo Delgadillo: Oh, I haven't been ever since she knocked price is like. And then I said I enter the door crack. I said all go away and I walked away and I got it I recorded that do
Jo Delgadillo: That obviously says she was scared. And I'm not pushing it. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Universe and then you become the one that they're investigating
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: I cannot. I don't know how to fix my phone.
Jo Delgadillo: It rang, and then all of a sudden I couldn't really hear anything. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's evaluate some of some of the benefits that you have noticed in your protector will think about the relationship that you have protector in and tell me some of the benefits you have seen
Jo Delgadillo: Right now with Mercedes. I've heard I've saved her from a lot of hurt from a mom.
Jo Delgadillo: By and then by being there for that too. It's helped her cope with her mom not being there. Yeah. And the doctors even asked her about that today. And there were saying, so sorry. They were like, Who are you
Jo Delgadillo: And then, at first I don't, she was. She didn't know what to say. So I just said under GRANDMA SHE GOT in Paris. I can see she
Jo Delgadillo: Didn't want to have to explain. So as I spoke up. I didn't want to share what he had told them. She had an STD in front of me. And then when we left
Jo Delgadillo: She was just like, I'm sorry that I had an SD. I was like, totally sorry that that was before my son like I've had it. I had when I was 16 I get it, like it happened and helmet.
Jo Delgadillo: Was Co. She said some motion can just chill. I can ever happen.
Jo Delgadillo: But she's trying, I see the effort.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You see the benefits and being a protective from Mercedes, I'm hearing that she trust you and that your support to him.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that that's important to have characteristics that people feel are trustworthy. So those are some benefits in regards to Mercedes. How about any other relationships where you are the protective. What are some of those benefits that you've identified
Jo Delgadillo: All my kids, my girls.
Jo Delgadillo: Especially my girls or and Haley, she's a girl, but yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: I was relationship going, what's one Haley.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, I always get singled out when I tell when I say my girls were like, You mean daily Jaden Haley and I'm like yeah like I have to stay step daughter.
Jo Delgadillo: And then I got used to and then it makes you feel bad when they're around because they don't know they're on their stuff. But I tell my girl, and everybody else, it doesn't matter even or dad.
Jo Delgadillo: Or he doesn't take over just like they don't want to hear that they just want to thank tell everyone that we're one happy family. That's a mom that know if explain ourselves. That's how I was needed. It sucks.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What about with your husband, since we last spoke, have you pull back and see if your husband rises to the occasion and being the protecting
Jo Delgadillo: Our full back and started telling him to do things are walking away but protector know yeah I feel more protected from my dog is getting huge than him.
Mm hmm.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, some disappointment in that what
Jo Delgadillo: What happened, he's broken there. I don't know. It just does not like conflict with his parents. His mom was
Jo Delgadillo: I don't even know she just loved the drama. She liked to fight with everybody know she didn't really like the fist fight. She just like to start stuff and then sit back and play the victim to do that with us. When I was pregnant.
Jo Delgadillo: Telling you, all kinds of stuff because I WASN'T LEGALLY on pain pills. I just found out I was pregnant.
Jo Delgadillo: And then I was trying to get off of them. And they told me I can keep taking it, but I don't want to, because I know it, what they did to me. I'm like, No, there's no telling what they're gonna do my baby I wing myself off and even though the doctors that I can be on me. She knew that
Jo Delgadillo: And like, it was probably three months before I had the baby. I finally stopped. I was finally went off all the way
Jo Delgadillo: And I was three months before at the baby. And then I had one left and probably like I would say two weeks before I gave birth. I took one
Jo Delgadillo: Because I was it can't hurt and i was i fibrocytes hurting, like, ever. I just couldn't sleep. I didn't sleep for weeks. I took one and I have my bottle. My doctor even said it. We even moved from some from
Jo Delgadillo: Spring to Fort Worth. So I really had everything and they even called and I had it and she still called on me and she knew all this
Jo Delgadillo: And then told my husband and I was a drug dealer and I was doing it and all and I hung out with her all day long. It was just me and her and he believed her everything that she said, I'm like, Okay, if I was doing all this one was I doing it before she came and he didn't believe me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Again, his mom.
Jo Delgadillo: His mom, he never ever protected me from her. And ever since then. I don't feel if he can protect me from her. He's never going to protect me from anybody.
Jo Delgadillo: Because I was pregnant with this kid and then have another kid. And then it was still going up because she left and came back and did it again.
Jo Delgadillo: And lived with us and it's just all oh my god it ended badly, like we still hold a wrench towards each other because
Jo Delgadillo: She came over there starting crap and she was wrong about it and he still he will. He wanted me to stay and he hates us all she discussed him. He told me that she molested him when he was little.
Jo Delgadillo: He fills it but he doesn't remember nothing because when he she touches him, he he he printed. I swear. Everybody even his own sister. He doesn't like her to touch them, and they mess with them. They're like sit on him and tickle him and he will freak out, like she doesn't like it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Challenges with intimacy in your relationship as well.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, I have no interest.
Jo Delgadillo: And I feel bad because he asks.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that's my next question from Indian if he has had this such abuse and it was never treated, you know, is he requesting, you know, is he and she stayed intimately
Jo Delgadillo: No, no, not at all, we first got together. It was like the normal, but he's just he was. I don't know how to explain it like we would have sex, but he's just not a shame. But he felt
Jo Delgadillo: I don't even know how to explain the way he filmed, but I could see that it was just wasn't normal yeah you always
Jo Delgadillo: Know how to explain it.
Jo Delgadillo: But it wasn't just I knew him when he was with destiny and it was the same with her. He said, like he just she couldn't explain the way he felt, and then I knew him when he was with Sabrina and stay would complain. So everybody we're all knew each other back then so
Jo Delgadillo: He's had it for a long time. It's not just with me.
Jo Delgadillo: But he's never told anybody else what he's told me
Jo Delgadillo: They don't know that, but
Jo Delgadillo: Tell me what he tells me if you don't remember saying that he had a panic attack and like blurted out a whole bunch of stuff.
Jo Delgadillo: And then it was like, kind of like you passed out. I mean not explain it turned on whitening lift for purple and he didn't. He never had one that that I wanted to take him to the hospital. But he, like, all of a sudden came out of it. It's like he wants to sleep and woke up.
Jo Delgadillo: And then he was like, I was like, do you remember like what you said he wants to sleep, but after when he woke up, I was like, do you remember, like, when are you sad are you okay and I was like, feeding him and he was like, What are you doing, I was like, you had a horrible.
Jo Delgadillo: Asleep.
Jo Delgadillo: freaked me out.
Jo Delgadillo: He doesn't remember you don't remember arguing me telling me not to call an ambulance, all kinds of stuff. But he happened and then he had another one like that when we moved here, like, a year after we moved here in our apartment.
Jo Delgadillo: And he hasn't had one sense, so he's do and it's building up but today. He just, he's moving up in this company and he got a race. So
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When
Jo Delgadillo: This
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anxiety, what
Jo Delgadillo: He likes everything build up and just one thing goes wrong. I tried to leave them. That's what happened that time.
Jo Delgadillo: The last blow up because it just doesn't show me any emotions like like I get a hug and a kiss. And we're leaving each other like the by high every once in a while I'll walk by, like, grab my ass. I'm just like, what, like I missed that.
Jo Delgadillo: I missed that affection or dispute coming in. When you're on the little things. I
Jo Delgadillo: ever wants to all hold his hand and you'll hold my hand and in the last I guess everybody says we've been together so long, but I'm like before we gather 30 years and then
Jo Delgadillo: We lose it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, how are you feeling right now on a scale of one to 10 on on the status of your relationship.
Jo Delgadillo: Or 10pm, I want out
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, one being one being a very low I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let me see how this. So it's a level of happiness. So, one being unhappy 10 being the fully satisfied.
Jo Delgadillo: About a true
Jo Delgadillo: So I told him I was like, No, we're going to get an income tax and we can both go our separate ways, and he doesn't believe me, because I've said it so many times, but I'm just like,
Jo Delgadillo: There's only so much I can say before I have to do it and he doesn't get it.
Jo Delgadillo: I've threatened. I've been threatening for like since alienating got here because he doesn't show them an emotion, he doesn't pay attention to them enough like
Jo Delgadillo: Actually, I shouldn't even say enough because he doesn't at all like he's not and he doesn't. He's not dad to them when it comes to discipline or anything.
Jo Delgadillo: And then it affects our relationship to like every little thing that sucks it all comes back to me and him working together and that doesn't happen.
Jo Delgadillo: Because I have one way up there and they got to earn privacy when they don't earn it, and prove it. And they don't get it.
Jo Delgadillo: And he doesn't think that's fair. I'm like, no, because Haley's already done so much to lose the trust.
Jo Delgadillo: Now it's time for her to get back. We didn't do anything wrong. And she treats me like I did not anymore, but she's just getting really lazy and I remember that phase when I was lazy.
Jo Delgadillo: And I would complain and cry to do dishes. So I get it, I get her. She's kind of lenient on right now she's about to leave to her mom's on the 14th Valentine's Day at 5am she's gonna be gone. You know, it's gonna be so we're gonna totally miss
Jo Delgadillo: She drives me crazy, but her sisters lover. I love her. Her brother's gonna be lost without her. Because every time like eight and do this. He looks at the sister.
Jo Delgadillo: For her approval.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah together I get it was just them. She was like mommy to help her with her mom.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He's eating going to
Jo Delgadillo: KNOW HAYLEY Hayley and her mom have not
Jo Delgadillo: So when he was born. He was a mama's boy and then she was walking holic and supplement all the time. Haley was old enough to see all this
Jo Delgadillo: She has been in recovery for three years now. Nobody wants to give her cancer, except for me and Haley tells me alone all the time that she wants to fix things with her mom, she just scared to
Jo Delgadillo: And then she started doing all this and I finally got her to break down that one day outside when I was I poured my heart out to her and chef. She finally broke down and told me
Jo Delgadillo: She it's homeowners bothering her like she wants to fix things because I'm on calls and talk to Adrian for hours on video call and not her. So we like hi Hayley Hayley. That's it.
Jo Delgadillo: So she's like, I want my mom to myself and I'm like, I get it i to i totally get it. So we she's leaving on the plane and then we have a password when she calls us this she misses having spaghetti with us and I hear, I must have a spaghetti with you guys then.
Jo Delgadillo: On us to Texas doing it already promised her
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And again, that protective. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How come this has been established with you, but his father has not made that commitment to Haley that in the event, this happens I'm coming to get you
Know,
Jo Delgadillo: At all, he's mad because she's going, but she told her that I need this. And she pushed that's also say she won't she wants to cry when she talks.
Jo Delgadillo: She won't talk about nothing because she can't do without crying, she's she told me she's struggling and I'm like, I can see that I I feel the way I feel
Jo Delgadillo: I can imagine where she feels she doesn't talk to us, she talks to her little friends, but that's not what she needs to say to her mom.
Jo Delgadillo: Needs to fix that. If I'm almost here. My mom's just like her mom, I would love to fix that. So I feel like we're giving her the chance to show ever ultra result. She's never had that and now she's older she can be able to, like, Nope, not gonna do this, I'm leaving.
Jo Delgadillo: She has done, I've already told, Sabrina. If you screw this up, you're going to fight in your front yard. She thought it was funny because I don't hurt this girl, man.
Jo Delgadillo: let her talk. Just listen. Don't get mad because there's a lot of things that she did that, she doesn't remember
Jo Delgadillo: To do when I would tell them all. You did this to be like I did it. You're lying and beat me for it and she knows she did. She didn't believe it, we should all remember
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, going back to the relationship with your husband, how come up with it to what makes it, what would be needed to make you
Jo Delgadillo: Spend time with the kids.
Jo Delgadillo: Like emotionally like all into maybe doing homework with Julie and not getting frustrated
Jo Delgadillo: Playing with Jade and not getting mad cuz he's on the phone trying to play stupid invasion.
Jo Delgadillo: I think it's always they get him.
Jo Delgadillo: What's the Grammar Girl That's I keep telling them, they're gone. There's no going back.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I'm just gonna go back to something that you said you can come last as long as the kids are taking care of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so back protective role. While it's admirable. And the reason I keep using that language is so that you'll find the connection that type of mindset is what almost contributes to him.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Being able to just go through the motions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Remember, and we talked about me, maintaining certain things and wanting it to be enhance so you're deserving to be in a relationship where it's not someone that's just a good father. He's also a good lover protector and housing to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Being a good father is. Oh, it's good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But he also has a commitment to you. Yeah. And so I would encourage you to not think that as long as he's a good fighter. That's just not he would need to do more. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's already set up on the back. Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Like I've literally begged him, and I've made because he's always like, we don't have money, we will we will have money, you
Jo Delgadillo: Don't have enough like how much, Mr can ever be enough like he doesn't have to cost money. Let's just go drive to the mountains and look look down. It's beautiful over there.
Jo Delgadillo: It doesn't cost nothing. We just drive there no killed my brother will watch the girls or they can just go to sleep at night. Anyways,
Jo Delgadillo: But it's oh let's do within fine, I'll just be tired. The next day, you don't even have to work the next day, but I want us to playing games all night. Like, it's always an excuse
Jo Delgadillo: But if I'm like stay up with meal. Let's put the kids to sleep early know I'm tired.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You something to think about.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As you as you start re evaluating and if you're in that place because maybe there's you so much for inbound that you're not in the in the place of reevaluating but some cool got
Jo Delgadillo: On there.
Jo Delgadillo: I'm sorry I'm there. I've been there. Yeah, some food for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That would definitely be in realizing the areas in where you are selling
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The way you're taking the bare minimum.
Jo Delgadillo: In every area I do everything.
Jo Delgadillo: I'll get him to cook when like on Monday. So I do therapy books. That's the only time and then when I walk in, it's like I have to pat them on the back or give them a cookie.
Jo Delgadillo: Or do I have to babysit. They're not. It's not called babysitting their European
Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: I'm like, can I go do laundry by myself why you should take one who I just want to go by myself, if I go to the store and I'm I wander around in touch and look at everything when I'm by myself will call me like one second here. So,
Jo Delgadillo: It's always something I can't find the wipes look for him.
Jo Delgadillo: Did you did you buy some yes I just bought I bought a box and it's just like he wants me to count or instruct me nuts.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, but he's awesome. How long have you been with him.
Jo Delgadillo: 11 years
Jo Delgadillo: We broke up once for a year and then we got back together, it would have been like a full 11 years but as or minus the whole year somewhere in between there.
Jo Delgadillo: But I've known him since my son was too and that's like 18 years and my son's gonna be 22 sisters
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Boyfriend sister is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That complicates things
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, it didn't the beginning
Jo Delgadillo: And he has a kid was my other best friend Nestle
Jo Delgadillo: And my cousin is raising his kid as her is as my cousin kid, and she doesn't know it's remember Sarah Nathan
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, younger. Remember that
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, we got to Jerry Springer Show over here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's a lot of hold on to, um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I just want you to end and I'm hearing that you're not happy with the situation and and as long as you continue to allow for these things to happen it will continue.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what are some of the consequences are potential consequences. You can identify if you continue to operate this way.
Jo Delgadillo: extreme depression. I've been feeling
Jo Delgadillo: It's just, it's getting worse, or I, I used to be able to keep myself so busy or just stay out of it. And I think that's why I do everything that I do.
Jo Delgadillo: It's getting to where it doesn't work anymore. Like I it's hard to have a conversation with a friend.
Jo Delgadillo: And I talked to everybody. Yeah, I use Perfect Strangers and I meant to them and they let me
Jo Delgadillo: This weird
Jo Delgadillo: Always managed to find the perfect person to talk to you.
Jo Delgadillo: I've talked to an old lady in a chair for like two hours. One time standing in front of a lotto ticket thing and Smith here.
Jo Delgadillo: And I used to see around town. But I don't anymore.
Jo Delgadillo: When I was when I first had my step mom.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when you say the the okay the consequences would be the depression that you see that already.
Jo Delgadillo: I think my babies are starting to feel it.
Jo Delgadillo: Because date has been acted out so bad and Julie's just know so emotional and attached to me.
Jo Delgadillo: And I know it's
Jo Delgadillo: They see me upset and then they see me trying to hide it. I come up. I never used to come outside a lot and now
Jo Delgadillo: And they don't like it.
Jo Delgadillo: Paints new thing is
Jo Delgadillo: She goes, You just can't leave me here with her little head.
Jo Delgadillo: I didn't know where I was outside. She goes, and every time. Like, I'll leave and she's fully closed off that I come in and she's all naked and just a diver every time.
Jo Delgadillo: And then I can't find her close anyway. And I'm like, How does she do this and I'll find them in the accounts and her dad does nobody sees it, like how
Jo Delgadillo: She does it all my girl us to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Joe I mean you're taking on a lot. You've seen some, some of the correlations between what you're taking on and how it's affecting your body. You've identify is also affecting your mental health.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With depression and then the impact on your children.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I've already come up with a physical, emotional, mental well being.
Jo Delgadillo: And anxiety is my
Jo Delgadillo: It's become my best friend always there. Now, you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wouldn't be you see the separation. When do you see that this is just whatever this diagnosis may be that the doctors are still trying to figure out, or this is inviting them to feel separate or does it always feel like it's one thing
Jo Delgadillo: One of the same because it's like, I have an anxiety all day. But when I hit like upset or I start thinking or getting my thoughts. I can like I get a little tiny or I could feel it. But if I go off and like get into my feelings and
Jo Delgadillo: Then it starts with the shooting.
Jo Delgadillo: But I haven't. I've been making myself, stay calm lately and I know that's dangerous for me because I'm going to explode when I finally had it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: was the last time you exploded.
Jo Delgadillo: I'm a girl is like right before I left to California.
Jo Delgadillo: Punching everything and screaming going crazy.
Jo Delgadillo: Mother told me that I'm, I'm a bad mom that I'm not trying hard enough that I El a Yo yo yo
Jo Delgadillo: And I was like, how many times did I ask and ask and ask, no matter what it is you're right you do ask a lot, but then you go. Okay, but how many one. One more. Anybody listening to what will you back me up.
Jo Delgadillo: And then that's what she said, Well, you're just a bad mom and I was like two weeks ago you were so proud of me and how far I
Jo Delgadillo: Just went out and went crazy and start going crazy and my cousin that one that I was raised with
Jo Delgadillo: He's on drugs for bad and he's drinking a lot, but you don't know that. I know, but I know that's my cousin, he come running out there. He opened the door real fast in the door screen door. It's one of those black screen doors. He was like, stop.
Jo Delgadillo: Don't believe when anybody says you're a good mom.
Jo Delgadillo: And I just stopped and rest.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's think of this okay I'm hearing all of the stresses coming from every thing imaginable. Your neighbors, your husband and your family.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then you know you're seeing the impacts on your children and it's affecting physically. So I want to share my screen with you so we can watch the video. It's called the drama triangle.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you'll, you'll find the know how you identify with certain roles. I've already brought to your attention, but just so that you can hear it in a different version.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All to help us understand how conflict arises between people, often in dramatic or intense relationships or interactions and it was conceived by a guy called Stephen Cartman in 1968
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it involves three different roles one that's kind of cold one down role and two that are called one approach is three roles are the victim, the rescuer and persecutor
And I think understanding how these roles work can really help us to identify how we could be resolving potentially destructive interactions that are quite
Draining on our energy. So let's start with the victim role. I think the victim role is quite self explanatory. It's the person who feels helpless and powerless, like they can never cut a break.
Or they can never get ahead in life. They often think things like, you know, this always happens to me.
Another role in this drama triangle is the rescuer and this person is someone who takes responsibility for other people's problems.
And they kind of make it their own problem, but at the same time, they don't really look at their own life, which could in fact be a complete mess.
And they'll say people who might be going through a difficult time and think, oh look at that person you know they need help. I'm nice so I'll help them or maybe something a bit more parental like if that person did what I said they'd be happy.
And I think the dynamic that we often say fly out between the victim.
rescuer is something that we see in movies and, you know, romantic comedies all the time. It's something that we almost think is normal.
But it really is an unhealthy interaction. So the third row on this triangle is a persecutor. This is a person who is frustrated. They kind of self righteous and a bit of a bullied.
You know, and they might think things like you know they're wrong. And I'm right may need to do what I say.
Or that person will get what's coming to them. Another thing that's really important to recognize that this triangle is that each of these roles move between each other. So, you know, the rescuer can become a prostitute or or the persecutor can become the victim.
The victim can become a persecutor so they all kind of move around.
Another concept that's really important to understand when talking about the drama triangle is this idea of the starting gate, we tend to have this one role that we most naturally sort of enter into
So for instance, you know one person might often go straight to the victim law where someone else might jump into the rescue.
The other thing that's really interesting about this is that as starting get role, sort of, is part of what we see as our an identity and like I said before, we shift from one role to the other.
Inevitably, we all end up in the victim role feeling powerless and helpless and then I able to do anything. And that's why it's really important to work out strategies for how to get out of this triangle.
So I guess that brings me to the next question. How do we get out of this drama triangle.
So let's take it by looking at each row. And again, it's in the one down victim role, we need to become a survivor. In order to do this.
We need to think like a problem solver and ask ourselves questions like what do I want and what steps can I take to get what I want another useful thing to do is to reflect on the good things that are going our way.
So we can make a note of it in a calendar or a diary.
You know, ask ourselves questions like What are three things that I'm grateful for today.
Or at the end of each week we could ask ourselves, what did I change this week.
So let's move on the rescue roll again, if this is where you tend to find yourself sitting, you need to think of yourself as a teacher or a coach.
Rather than as a rescuer you need to remember the golden rule that teaching a man to fish.
So you need to support and encourage the person in ways to identify and solve their problems rather than rushing into solve it for them.
You can ask them things like, what is it that you want to say happen in a situation or what do you think you can do to changes.
Also, you need to make sure that you set boundaries setting boundaries around the time that you're able to listen to the person and letting them know that is really important.
In some ways it's a similar situation with the starting gate persecutor who like the rescue output. Some cells in these sort of one not power powerful position.
The difference is with this role is that you need to become a challenge, need to be firm but fair in your approach to people.
And to help the person recognize how you're feeling, you need to sort of address the consequences of their actions and set boundaries. So for instance, you could say something like, if you if you keep your side of the agreement, I can Kate long
As we're the rescuer. It's important to remember to set these boundaries and recognize that this isn't your problem to solve.
By freeing ourselves from this drama triangle, we are able to have happier, healthier relationships with people. We won't feel so drained and powerless and will also be able to identify toxic relationships that we may in fact be better off without
What did you think
Jo Delgadillo: Definitely the rescuer
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I agree, as you're talking. I'm like, you know, I've been using the language, but I love this video and how it ties up the different roles.
Jo Delgadillo: I used to be one I send them. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's a big that each of these roles can be interchangeable. Because at the end of the day, even though you're the rescuer and when you start to feel defeated and you feel like you try to help people. You go into that victim role.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I try to help people and why they come in against me.
Jo Delgadillo: I love my husband for so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Long I'm such a good mother. I'm a good, why, why did he give me what I need and set victim.
Jo Delgadillo: It's crazy. I have a monster.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, it's called the drama triangle.
Jo Delgadillo: He loves, He loves stuff like that. Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Come up with facts. Watch.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are there any times we've identified as the prosecuting
Jo Delgadillo: I'm
Jo Delgadillo: lelay know
Jo Delgadillo: I'm all rescuer like
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Like all the time with anybody and everybody
Jo Delgadillo: Part of me is I know it's just to keep me busy.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, I know. It's like, I feel it, because what if I don't have something to do or not, like, going, going, going, I get in my head. And that's when it gets worse. But like I said, it's not
Jo Delgadillo: Helping that much anymore.
Jo Delgadillo: Because I haven't cried driving now and that's dangerous and I love driving and always striving.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To hit pound for pound in you can to rescue others, in turn, those are you risking yourself to. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From the invoice from getting distracted with your troubles by focusing on other people.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: And as I know, and I tell myself. I'm a standard people's drama. I'm stop helping out which gets shipped out and then this happens. And I'm like, I just have to like
Jo Delgadillo: It just got in me and then she was crying to me. She told me she wanted to die and then that got me because I've been there. I felt like that before and
Jo Delgadillo: Getting there is a bad place to be.
Jo Delgadillo: I want to know that there's people to care it. Not everyone wants something
Jo Delgadillo: But when you find them. It's, it's hard to keep them because you got everybody else around trying to sabotage it
Jo Delgadillo: And that's exactly what's happening. And people are like, don't give up just keep trying. They want you to give up and then another part of me is like, it's scaring her
Jo Delgadillo: Because they're they're getting loud with her. They're telling her what do. And that scares her. I can tell it does because she started like
Jo Delgadillo: Stepping her feet a lot and then doing with her hands like she got worked out. So I just
Jo Delgadillo: I just thought was like, oh, that's why I was like, I'm gonna go get my prescription. And I'm like, if anybody needs to talk to me. There's one number because I feel bad for her, my aunt, with cancer status your lunch I
Jo Delgadillo: Like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dogs identity, you're
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Finding your identity.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You these situations. And the hope is you want someone to rescue you. So, in turn, you continuously to seek
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: you're seeking Him out opportunities, we need to be the rescuer but like I've been saying, and as well as the video attested to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Instead of identifying with the best view of the rescuer. Think of yourself as the coach, the teacher. It's like what I said last week set back and identify ways that perhaps you can allow your husband to be the rescuer he said he tried it, it didn't really
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Nothing happened. But I'm wondering what boundaries. Did you set. So then he knew he needs to do agency.
Jo Delgadillo: I basically come on TV as well. I don't tell them, but at first, I'll tell him, hey, this is going to happen, like she was off. Last Friday I said
Jo Delgadillo: It was Thursday analytics and drop off tomorrow. And on another case you are. You already told me your own and then he'll mess with me all night long.
Jo Delgadillo: Scene, he's not, he's not, he's not all and then confused me and I'm like, Well, you're picking up Julie in the morning or you're taking a school in the morning I'll pick her up and then every morning, you won't get up and then I'm like,
Jo Delgadillo: Why I'm I'm up already. I'm getting her dress her and then you'll get mad and if I get him to do any comes back, he's a jerk. When he comes back and you'll come in. It'll be fine about money, or just random. Oh, that he hates living here in the trailer and
Jo Delgadillo: All you did was take her to school in the world. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So he picks a fight. Whenever he has to do something.
Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Just to make me feel bad and it works.
Jo Delgadillo: Like I work. What do you do. I'm like, are you kidding me like you can't even take your daughter to school. I do that every day and pick her up and take Jaden Jaden bad right now.
Jo Delgadillo: She's acting out so bad and I noticed because we live in this stupid trailer, but it says income tax, we're out of here. Like, I'm just, it's just a countdown ready to get out of here and then he's like, well, we get the money from my dad. Like, honestly, I forgot about it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was a while ago.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah, well it's supposed to be next month.
Jo Delgadillo: But I don't want to depend on it. I don't want to go there if I get if I get myself all into it and just be expecting it, and it doesn't happen, or there's, you have to do this in order to get this. I don't want it, like, no. And plus, I want a house that we got. And we're paying for
Jo Delgadillo: If I wanted something given to me. I believe in my family.
Jo Delgadillo: Because that's just how they are. And I like the life the struggle that we have makes you appreciate everything that we have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People about your week and we're going to expand it. So it's not just with your in your relationship with your husband, but identify ways that you can create boundaries.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That you've already identified that you are a rescuer and you're a rescuer because you're trying to keep yourself up, you're trying to keep yourself distracted from this victim state of your mental health, physical health and things that's going on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But in this ability to be a rescuer because it's the core. It's your sparring gate which you initially start off with what boundaries can be created.
Jo Delgadillo: I don't never know there's
Jo Delgadillo: Something nothing. I haven't tried
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As you go about your day as you go about your day. That's why I keep using the language. I want this to be embedded in your mind to rescue rescue rescue
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so when you see that that identity is coming up that the rescuers coming up, stop and reflect if there's any way that you can create a boundary that will not allow you to now become the victim and question. How did I end up in this situation.
Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because we decided describing the scenario with the elderly lady I saw so many red flags, but oh gosh, this isn't going to end well.
Jo Delgadillo: No.
Jo Delgadillo: I don't do all night and I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was like
Jo Delgadillo: Oh, yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Like they're trying to do whatever to get me like, and then there. She said she already going to lose their job because it's called a conflict of interest.
Jo Delgadillo: Their sons already crossed on and because I have it on audio, no matter what. And she knows better because she works for that company. So she won't lose her job with everyone with just her
Jo Delgadillo: Just it's too much. They don't chance it, they just put in a new person.
Jo Delgadillo: So I so I'm like, we need to get out of this trailer and I don't know what Cassie, the lady. I'm friends with the lady that works here. She's and Brian, the owner and they said, I don't have nothing to worry about that. Don't make it to where they can't come on the property. They have to
Jo Delgadillo: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When, when do we need to get one on one to get an update on the boundaries you created
Jo Delgadillo: Or we're going to do every choice. Yeah.
Jo Delgadillo: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That the 20th work for you.
Jo Delgadillo: Yeah. Around the same time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any questions for me.
Jo Delgadillo: I've been wanting to talk to you about this overhead.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that's, that's my advice.
Jo Delgadillo: Because there's no limit on what I can tell you, and you're not going to run until everybody
Jo Delgadillo: That's why.
Jo Delgadillo: It is for me like
Jo Delgadillo: Like I'm all into this therapy stuff because I needed him, and when I was a kid, I was in therapy all the time like because my mom went crazy and used to be real time.
Jo Delgadillo: So if I've got upset or anything. My grandma had it set up for I just tell the teacher, and they would get my therapist there and she would come to school and meet me a little therapy room.
Jo Delgadillo: Lot. So I learned how to like just vent to just let it all out. And if I tell people do therapy. You don't have to worry about what you're telling them, like, Oh, you're hurting yourself. You're good, or somebody else and you're good. Like you let it out. They're not going to judge you, and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I want you to get better physically, emotionally
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And we want that for yourself to and boundaries are going to be the very start, the foundation for you getting to a better you and then when you're getting to a better you, the people around you have to ship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know either.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They're going to adjust. Boy, you're going to make the adjustments yourself.
Jo Delgadillo: You must that needs to happen.
Jo Delgadillo: I do boundaries, just going to make a big difference because I don't have any
Jo Delgadillo: That's a good yeah that's like the best advice on that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I hope you have a good night, and I'll see you next time.
Jo Delgadillo: All right. Thank you.
Jo Delgadillo: You're welcome. Bye bye.